What are you doing?
Let me discipline my daughter
What's the matter with you, an outsider?
I say again let go
Oh.
Damn girl, why don't you go home?
It turned out that he hooked up with a wild man outside
Keep your mouth clean
I can't tell why you are sitting there, even if people say
But don't do such a thing.
There is nothing between us
Don't ruin his Qingyun indiscriminately
It was my unilateral pursuit of ideas
Say
What do you want?
Give us 1 million and we'll go
Yeah, we're gonna 1 million
This card has 2 million
I can give it all to you.
But I have a request.
Your family will follow Xiaoxiao from now on
No more connection
Sad eyes
If I find out about you in private
Be so private
I'll break your hands and feet
Uncle, thank you.
2 million I'll find a way to pay you back
No need, the loss you recovered for Qi's Group
It's much more than that.
I haven't had time to thank you
Is that everyone's credit? That
What do you mean by what you just said?